# MyBBCipesMyBBCipes uses the following tools:  - Yeoman to manage the tech stack  - Node.js for the back-end  - Express to link the back-end and the database  - MongoDB for the database  - AngularJS to render a fluid AJAX front-end  - Bootstrap to render a responsive and cross-browser website  The front-end is communicating with the back-end through a REST API.### Features  - Feature: Recipe    - Scenario: Recipe doesn't exist :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: Recipe cooking time :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: Recipe image :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: Recipe ingredients :heavy_check_mark:   - Feature: Recipe list    - Scenario: No recipes available :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: One recipe available :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: Select a recipe :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: Multiple recipes :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: Multiple pages of recipes :heavy_check_mark:     - Scenario: Navigating multiple pages of recipes :heavy_check_mark:   - Feature: Filter recipes    - Scenario: No results :heavy_check_mark:    - Scenario: Filter results by name :heavy_check_mark:    - Scenario: Filter results by ingredient :heavy_check_mark:    - Scenario: Filter by cooking time :heavy_check_mark:  - Feature: Star    - Scenario: Star a recipe :heavy_check_mark:    - Scenario: Unstar a recipe :heavy_check_mark:    - Scenario: No starred recipes :heavy_check_mark:    - Scenario: Show only starred recipes### ProductionA test version of the app is hosted on Heroku available at [https://mybbcipes.herokuapp.com/] [1].### DevelopmentRequirements:First, make sure you have a MongoDB instance on your machine, then:    sudo npm install -g grunt-cli    sudo npm install -g npm    sudo npm install -g generator-angular-fullstack    sudo npm install -g bower    sudo npm install -g yo    To launch:    grunt serve[1]:https://mybbcipes.herokuapp.com/# The ChallengeThere is a request for a new food / recipe application that will help users become better at cooking. Unfortunately the product manager has dumped a bunch of specifications on you and done a runner!Your task is to develop an application that fulfils _some_ or _all_ of the specification provided.### What are we looking for?The aim of the task is to give you the opportunity to show **your** skills in web development. The specification is deliberately open for that reason. If you aren't strong in front-end development or you haven't done much server-side development, don't worry... **Play to your strengths!**We are also very interested in _non-coding_ aspects and how you approach problems. Please supply any notes you make, such as showing your working, questions you might want to ask and assumptions you may have made. We also **strongly** recommend you use comments in any code you supply to communicate your reasoning as you work.The server-side languages that will be accepted are:-• JavaScript• Node.js• Python• PHP• JavaYou may also pick whichever client and server side frameworks you feel are suited to the task at hand.The `features` folder contains the behavioural specifications of the application to be built. Start by reading through these feature files, they should give you a sense of what is required.### Submitting your testPlease either:• Check your source code into a public github repository and email the repository location to the contact email provided; OR• Create an archive (zip, tar) and send the archive via email.